virgin savvy presenting the magic cloud
everybody are you doing nothing what you
get when you got there won't tell you
tell me nope you want to hear it yeah
give me more it's it's the it has the
dandiest can deist flavor Oh else it
melts in your mouth oh I've got it oh
sure you have and boys the girls I have
mine too I just want you to know that I
would be without my bottom OHS turkey
snappy it's so delicious and she had
just gives you a lot of pep to you know
it's so easy to crack down on the table
like that see oh I just tell you boys
and girls look at those nice small
delicious pieces of bottom OHS turkeys
tapi oh they're small enough seats to
where you can put them in your mouth
like that and you can share them with
your friends and your neighbors if you
want to and Baltimore's turkeys tabby
last so long is a matter of factional
with your money vana most Turkish taffy
just goes a long long long way so if you
want the peppiest and the most
wonderfulest candy you ever had you just
look for the red white and blue wrapper
it's the new never stick rapper at your
favorite candy color and if you don't
see it you just say to the Candy Man I
want my bar abana most Turkish taffy ah
it's wonderful and now magic Bob